as you know President Trump was in town
yesterday and so was our pal Jake Berg
Jake shows up and all the big Lee events
he was on the campaign trail he was at
the inauguration and he was on the
ground yesterday in Beverly Hills to
chat it up with Trump supporters and
with those who do not dream came to
Donald the president Trump is in
California let's go celebrate with the
rest of his band today he's gonna fix
our infant structure well Sharon Micah
somewhere between three and five hundred
people have turned out here in Beverly
Hills to protest president Trump's visit
to Los Angeles now an issue that's
getting a lot of attention out here is
the president's hardline position on
immigration
[Music]
[Applause]
copious Hollywood establishment we
didn't do it the solution is for
everybody to get out and vote in 2018
and flip the house and flip the Senate
and get us some Democrats that can put a
stop to his policies this real housewife
of Beverly Hills is right we need more
global warming about these snowflakes
what do you hate jobs and money being
great what up you have too much soy
pancakes with your marijuana kombucha
latte I'm from Indiana one of the
greatest countries in our union just
came out here on a wing and a prayer
trying to do acting didn't work out
don't have the right body type so no you
look terrific don't you let anyone body
send you here from Indiana the state of
Michael pence okay we're not here for
fake news we're here for Jake news
tonight's top story
which vice president has the most
kissable thin lips we'll find out after
the break
it's my pants it's not important but
stormy Daniels gonna put him in jail or
something that's wrong this really is
everyone getting honest cares about
stormy days yeah
2006 she was a lot hotter I think that
he's trying to destroy the Free Press
he's undermining the courts he's
basically eating out the Democratic
Institute I don't be gross but we
finally have a president who appreciates
older adult film stars as much as me and
this guy who hundreds came out to
Beverly Hills Tuesday evening to protest
the president's visit and make one thing
clear his ideas are not wanted in
California but that doesn't apply to
everybody everyone's mad that he's
building a wall this is not the first
wall that Americans built against Mexico
to words remember the Alamo
Daniel Boone and Davy Crockett built a
wall to keep the Mexicans out and it
worked pretty good
I know a lot about history because they
used to sleep in the library now welcome
in California as a troop didn't wanna
come to California he doesn't like to go
to places that even used to be Mexico
here with the hotel workers yes Oh work
is always getting big mouths I guess you
know II used to go to go to the Beverly
Hills Hotel Donna she with stormy
Daniels okay I'm not a lot in the
Beverly Hills hotel anymore but I used
to need all the biggest stars there
remember yeah
Chewie Zuzu ladies and gentlemen boys
Henderson these two really love each
other they're having a lover's spat
that's right if chop was such a bad guy
why would he have invited him over Kim
jong-un is a great judge of character
let me rephrase that Kim Jeong on is a
great judge jury and executioner of
character and so is he and he and he and
he bingo well it's been fun celebrating
but it's time to get over to the
fundraiser time to put my face on gotta
get golden for my golden idol Oh Donny
would
[Music]
Big Bird everybody
I am Jimmy Kimmel click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though